Michael Hoefer: Hello this is Dr Hofer. Can you hear me.
Michael Hoefer: I Mr Marciano. Can you hear me.
iPad: Yeah. Hi, I'm, I'm on the phone with the doctor. It's bright heart cone.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, well,
Hello.
iPad: Yeah, I'm with them.
iPad: Okay, thank you.
iPad: All right. Hi.
Michael Hoefer: Hey,
Michael Hoefer: So hi, my name is Dr Hofer I'm a psychiatrist working with bright health and it's really nice to meet you today.
iPad: Likewise. Thank you.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, so I'm going to be doing your intake into our program. We have about 30 or 40 minutes we'll be
Michael Hoefer: Talking about your opioid use will also be talking about your medical and psychiatric history, and then we'll decide together on the plan going forward.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, okay. So if we could start by. Can you just tell me how you heard about our program.
iPad: Um, well, it's from the program that I'm recently enrolled in
Michael Hoefer: Okay.
iPad: Or that I've been enrolled in for the last few years.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, and what program is that
A
iPad: Hillside health clinic there Matt program.
iPad: Okay, outpatient in Ukiah California
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. And
Michael Hoefer: So how are things going for you in that program.
iPad: Good, good.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. So, he said. Sounds like you've been there for a few years. So have you been on Suboxone for a few years now.
iPad: I take SEBI Tex.
iPad: I'm allergic.
iPad: To yeah the Suboxone makes me sick. I don't take it. But yeah, I've been there, I've been taking it for three years, four years,
Michael Hoefer: Okay. And how's it working for you.
iPad: Good, good.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, great.
Michael Hoefer: Alright, well this is
iPad: Dr leader like this.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, this is this is new and different. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Yes.
iPad: It's convenient. So
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, especially with the shelter in place now and
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, and it really, you know, we'll see how you end up liking it, but it. I've been doing it for about a year now and it seems to work pretty well.
Michael Hoefer: But people seem to like it.
iPad: Yeah, I've been told that
iPad: It's like it so
iPad: That's how you get
Michael Hoefer: Great.
iPad: From staff so
Michael Hoefer: Okay. And so then
Michael Hoefer: How did you decide to make the transfer from hillside to us.
iPad: Well I, I came back home. I'm living with my living I moved it back in writing with my mother.
Michael Hoefer: Okay.
iPad: Which is a 448 hour trip, which I've been doing every month.
Michael Hoefer: Oh my gosh. Okay. Yeah. How long have you been doing that for
iPad: Four or five months since October.
Okay.
Michael Hoefer: All right, well hopefully we can help you out with a less commute time
iPad: To get your character. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah. Okay, so you're on sub you text which doses W text. Do you take how much
iPad: I take
iPad: I take three days or
iPad: I take two in the morning in the morning at noon.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. And, and when you were on Suboxone in the past was the side effect with your stomach or headaches or what was it that you had the side effect of Suboxone
iPad: Oh, I took my appetite, and I was throwing up and I lost a lot of weight on it. It was just
iPad: I just had a bad reaction is
Late
iPad: It's all my files, they know. I mean, so
Michael Hoefer: So yeah, it
iPad: Was I don't know.
Michael Hoefer: And when you switch to sub you text all that went away.
iPad: Yeah, I had my appetite, and that might cause that not excuse my stomach's got him a maximum been back to normal.
Michael Hoefer: Great.
iPad: Well, I tried it for about eight months.
iPad: I pushed it then. Then I went back to methadone and because of that shit was making shape and I went back and meet Dr has been said here, we're going to try this and then with that sense.
Michael Hoefer: Great. And when was the last time you used any opiates that we're not Suboxone verse I mean as a sub you tax.
iPad: lien on a couple of months or two months now.
Michael Hoefer: Great, great. And AND SOUNDS LIKE YOU GO TO YOU HAVEN'T going to UK and you get a script like basically once a month.
Michael Hoefer: Is what you get. Yeah. Okay. And before you started on you know Suboxone and said be text. A few years ago, where are you using heroin or prescription opiates, or what
Michael Hoefer: Are you heroin.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. All right, and
Michael Hoefer: At that time, before you got into treatment. What type of problems with your heroin use cause it in your life, what, what, it kind of the main issues of cost.
iPad: Then person, the whole
iPad: Okay, I got home in 2016
Michael Hoefer: In and out of prison.
iPad: No, no, no, no, and
iPad: In 17 years
Michael Hoefer: You were in for 17 years
iPad: Wow.
Michael Hoefer: That's a long time. How has it been for you since you've been out in 2016
iPad: Hard
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, I can imagine readjusting and re connecting and say it's a huge change.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah yeah
Michael Hoefer: Do you have people that are supportive of you like your mom or family or friends.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah. Okay, great, great. Um, and do you aside from the opiates. Do you use any other substances.
iPad: Um, I used meth for a while. I got hit by a car broke all my ribs in my shoulder.
iPad: Like a year ago and I relapsed on that and
iPad: As of now. No, but I mean I was, you know,
Michael Hoefer: Math is something that you've struggled with the past.
iPad: Well, not really struggle with. It was like a cuz I don't use it now. I mean, I'm not using it, it was, it was going to work or nothing. So
Michael Hoefer: I think
I'm an addict.
iPad: Okay, I'll go to work with broken ribs and shoulder
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. What kind of work, were you doing
iPad: I was manufacturing
iPad: wine and spirits capsules kapsalis I go into bottles.
Okay.
iPad: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Alright, so that's math anything else like alcohol.
Michael Hoefer: No, nothing like that.
iPad: No, no.
Michael Hoefer: I don't know. Great. You smoke cigarettes at all.
iPad: Yeah, I'm trying to quit.
Michael Hoefer: How much do you smoke.
iPad: A pack last me about two, two and a half days. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: And are you using anything to help you quit or are you doing
iPad: Like willpower. No, but you just reminded me that I need to go to writing
iPad: Because I just got paid today and I need to go get my damn patches only get the patches.
iPad: Okay. Damn. Yeah, you just remind me. Perfect.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, cool.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, it's just about I gotta do that, you know, like
iPad: I know I'm not gonna be able to just stop like boom.
iPad: So I'm gonna get the patches. Yes.
iPad: Okay, I'm gonna stop something probably do I see you every time.
Michael Hoefer: So you're going to, so I'm just doing intakes right now. So you're going to be connected with the continuity physician and therapist and they'll they're the ones who will see you so you'll the next person. You see, will be the person you see every time.
Michael Hoefer: But oh yeah I'm contracted for the company right now. I just do intakes right now. Yeah.
iPad: So I'll never see your ass again.
Michael Hoefer: No, maybe not, unless you know we cross paths and some other way.
iPad: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: So, um, so yeah, so that's tobacco. Okay, how about any, you know, mental health or psychiatric issues that you feel like you have
iPad: Well, I've been diagnosed as bipolar major depression and PTSD.
Okay.
Michael Hoefer: And do you take any medications for those things.
iPad: Uh, I was taking my Med. You know, I used to take metformin, I haven't been haven't been seen anybody and then they took my meds away and then my just haven't seen a doctor.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, and how are you, how do you feel like your mood is doing these days.
iPad: Oh, it's just, I've issued every day, you know,
Michael Hoefer: I mean,
iPad: I got severe anxiety. You know, it's hard to leave the house.
So,
iPad: You know, I wake up and panic attacks and shit.
Michael Hoefer: So it's
iPad: It's hard, man.
iPad: Speaks fun
Michael Hoefer: Sure. Yeah, and where their medications. What medications in the past. Did you take that you found that were either helpful or not helpful. What kind of things were prescribed
iPad: Was taking
iPad: The one they took that I was taken to but the one that took my exact my bed was the bends over,
iPad: They took because I'm on. They told me to pick either my buprenorphine or my dad.
Denzel.
iPad: After being on you know when I got home, I was on that ship for two years, year and a half.
iPad: Oh, sudden, I got it. Because of this bullshit going on here with
iPad: The opiate crisis, you know, whatever.
Michael Hoefer: You know,
Michael Hoefer: But what was it like I remember the other men.
iPad: That were taken out, let's take two minutes and I just
iPad: I just recently went and seen a doctor and try to give me some some other ship.
iPad: Like they've already ran the gamut on you can't run the gamut on me them. I've already done and tried everything that's how we got to where we got to
iPad: You know, like, I'm not going to be your guinea pig anymore. I already. These are the meds that you guys gave we found something that was working, you guys took them out, you know, I'm putting them.
iPad: In the system. I was through this seeing the doctors as well, you know,
iPad: I'm the message that you know like I could tell the doctor.
iPad: Right now I can't think of the pill, the one that finally it was working for me.
iPad: But anyways, just for my bipolar is
iPad: I don't know.
iPad: Okay, I'll let me think about my we're going to see you again anyway.
Michael Hoefer: But I could put it in the chart, you know,
Michael Hoefer: And if you have what it was just let me know. And what about how about your sleep. These days, or are you do you sleep at night.
iPad: Sleep. Sure.
iPad: If you call it sleep.
iPad: No sleep. Not good, man. Is it, is it okay if I run out to go
iPad: See my I'm gonna ask my mom, I don't
iPad: Is it okay
Michael Hoefer: Yeah.
iPad: Okay.
iPad: Hello.
Michael Hoefer: Yes. Hi.
Michael Hoefer: Oh yeah, that's a good medication.
iPad: To the president. Yes, that's what I was taking
Michael Hoefer: And do you, do you have any idea what dose of La Raza don't you were taking but today, it's usually like 40 or 80 or 120
Michael Hoefer: At at each morning
iPad: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: With food. Yeah. OK, cool.
Michael Hoefer: OK, well, I can. If you. I don't know if you'd be interested. But I could restart you on the Raza, don't you know our program has a similar type thing with not mixing the Benz those and Suboxone but if you feel like the La Raza don't is was helpful.
Michael Hoefer: If that's something you want to restart. I'd be happy to write it for you. Or you could, you know, speak to the next doctor about it. It's up to you.
iPad: Yeah, I don't care. Yeah.
iPad: I'll take it. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah yeah i think it's it's
iPad: Come, I can't get my other one back ever. I don't understand that.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, it's a, it's a, it's a year right it's it's about the opiate epidemic stuff and it's about the combination of stuff I
iPad: Know, yeah, it does a
iPad: I mean, when I've been going to groups. I'm when I'm telling the doctor. He's like, Well, you know, you can't miss you.
iPad: I'm going well. Why, what's wrong with me. Is there something wrong with me. He's looking at me like, What do you mean, well, I'm on my meds right now. Is there something. Is there something wrong, you know, like
iPad: Um, what is the problem here.
iPad: Like there's no I don't have any
iPad: Issues of
iPad: Abusing my medications or or having an effect. Like, I know the effect it has with opiates. Yeah, you know,
Michael Hoefer: Yeah.
iPad: I get that.
iPad: But what I'm doing on my meds.
iPad: Like, that's like one of the main things is my anxiety. My. That's why I use heroin. You know, like
iPad: You guys don't know what I deal with, you know, I've been in a cage, my whole life.
iPad: You know, and it's like if I have, you know, like I'm diagnosed with this thing and give me all these messy and find this mad.
iPad: And then take it and then fucking flipped me upside down again now now yeah you know
iPad: What do you do
iPad: Yeah relapse.
iPad: Now I want to read that.
iPad: Yeah, I want you know
iPad: I feel like every fucking day but
Michael Hoefer: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: I understand what you're saying. And I, it's not. You're in a very
Michael Hoefer: Really tough position to be in, given what's going on. And there's and I can't. There's nothing I know there's nothing. I'm going to say that will be, you know,
iPad: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: That will explain it.
Michael Hoefer: But I'll try to help as much as I can, you know,
Michael Hoefer: And I think, I think, at least, really. Oh, yeah.
iPad: I don't bullshit you guys
iPad: I don't hide nothing from you guys. I really don't.
iPad: Know, I'm just gonna tell you how I feel him.
iPad: Yeah, you know,
Michael Hoefer: And I, I totally understand.
iPad: That's why I take my meds.
Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, yeah. Um, have you ever as far as psychiatric history. Have you ever been in like an inpatient psychiatric hospital.
Michael Hoefer: No. No. Okay. And have you ever had a suicide attempt.
iPad: To prison and patient, it kind of is, I think,
iPad: You know, I've been in an asylum for
iPad: 17 years
iPad: No. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Have you ever had a suicide attempt in your life.
Michael Hoefer: No. Okay. All right. And
Michael Hoefer: Did you ever. You know when you were in prison or out of prison. Did you ever have like work with a therapist like somebody that you would meet with regularly and talk for five minutes, an hour. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Yes. Okay. And did you find that helpful.
iPad: It's dependent like when I got home out here.
iPad: And
iPad: It's, it depends. I've had a couple of different doctor
iPad: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: So it depends on your connection with that person.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, like, you know, and some of you helpful.
iPad: So yeah, give me an office. I like this right here.
Michael Hoefer: Uh huh.
iPad: Yeah, my hubby yeah well this is nice if you feel like I want to
iPad: Give me my meds.
Michael Hoefer: Well, also, it's nice because like you said, if you have sometimes if you've been in jail or you've experienced a lot of trauma, you don't feel safe. A lot of places you don't feel safe outside, you know,
Michael Hoefer: You know, and you're you feel safe, being in the room, sit down with people and this is a way for some people with trauma issues and anxiety issues. I think this type of communication is actually better than being face to face with somebody and being out in the world can be really
Michael Hoefer: aggravating and kind of activating, you know. Yeah.
iPad: Yeah, it's hard, man. It's crazy. Yeah, I think he's a good guy here yet but
iPad: It's getting there.
iPad: You know,
Michael Hoefer: How about medical issues. Do you have any medical problems, we need to know about.
iPad: Not that I'm aware of. Right now, I just got hooked up to a doctor appear for my
iPad: For my own you know from Ukiah to
iPad: Appear and I have an appointment sometime this month to see
iPad: That Dr.
Michael Hoefer: Grey.
iPad: But yeah, some issues that I need to bring up
Michael Hoefer: Okay, any history of surgeries or hospitalizations. Again, the hospital for medical issues.
iPad: In prison.
Michael Hoefer: It was that dude like trauma stuff or
iPad: Yeah, or zipper or yeah I had surgery or yeah they get a
iPad: Took my guts out
iPad: Put it back in. But everything's or
iPad: And I got MC
iPad: Okay cured.
Michael Hoefer: Oh that's clubbing
iPad: Think I've been cured since I've been home.
Michael Hoefer: Did you take the new meds, like that just came out.
Michael Hoefer: How did you, how did you find them.
iPad: Good easy
Michael Hoefer: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Wait already amazing
Michael Hoefer: Than the interview. You're on.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah.
iPad: Yeah. That was terrible, man.
Michael Hoefer: I've heard that was like a nightmare like six miles.
Michael Hoefer: In a depressive fog.
iPad: You know, man. It was bad. It was really bad makes you feel like the worst out I was they wanted to put me on it for a year and I couldn't do it.
iPad: Right, the tab. Oh.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Well, I'm glad. So glad we have the new ones. And that you also got that cleared.
Michael Hoefer: That's, yeah. That's huge.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah. Um, okay. Any other medications or nutritional supplements or pills that you take it all.
Michael Hoefer: Other than the ones I've discussed
iPad: No, no.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. Um, have you ever had a really bad allergic reaction to any meds, other than the Suboxone
iPad: No.
Michael Hoefer: No.
iPad: I mean, I've had all kinds of reactions.
iPad: To the med I've been on several methods, but I'm not allergic to enough and no okay
Michael Hoefer: Good. Um, and
Michael Hoefer: Anybody in your family with the history of psychiatric issues that you know like depression, bipolar schizophrenia. Anything my
Michael Hoefer: Sister, your sister. Which one does she been diagnosed
iPad: She's schizophrenia, bipolar.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha.
Michael Hoefer: And. And how about other people in your family. Anybody else with substance use issues.
iPad: Just me and her just
Michael Hoefer: Okay, yeah.
iPad: And who's in the program through she's clean so
Michael Hoefer: Oh, great.
iPad: He's in the one that I'm leaving to come to us.
Michael Hoefer: She's in the hilltop
iPad: Together Yeah.
iPad: 10 years
Michael Hoefer: Cool.
Michael Hoefer: And how do you guys have. How's your guys relationship.
Michael Hoefer: Good. Good. Great. Great.
Michael Hoefer: And then just for some background information on you. Where were you born. Where did you grow up.
iPad: I was born in Redwood City.
iPad: California here.
iPad: Grew up in Bay Area.
iPad: 17 years old I left and came back at 35 and here I am.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, my
Home.
Michael Hoefer: How did, how far along. Did you go in school.
iPad: I got my GED in person.
Okay.
Michael Hoefer: And how was school for you when you were younger.
Michael Hoefer: Terrible.
iPad: Not good. Yeah.
iPad: couldn't come from true
Michael Hoefer: Because
iPad: I wish I could do it all over again.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, um, and how was, you know, when you were younger, how was your childhood was there traumatic stuff from your childhood as well.
Michael Hoefer: No. Not really, no.
iPad: You haven't already sexually abused or nothing. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: And when you went so basically from 17 to 35 years in prison where. Where were you at mostly in prison.
Michael Hoefer: Where you different places or
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, I wasn't, I was a
iPad: Different facilities throughout the 17 that's
iPad: Where are you at
Michael Hoefer: I'm in Marin County outside. Yeah. So I have a general like I know the places you're talking about. I'm not like New Mexico or anything.
iPad: But I've been. I've been a
iPad: Pelican Bay.
iPad: Is far north to to attribute
iPad: As far as it
iPad: and everywhere in between metaphors.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, that's it. And now that you're out. Are you still on any type of probation or parole, or do you have to check in with anybody. Are you all. You're all clear.
iPad: I'm done.
iPad: I'll discharge.
Michael Hoefer: That's got to be amazing feeling.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, that's great.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, and then you know any ever been married any children, anything like that.
Michael Hoefer: No. Okay. And
Michael Hoefer: Work was I forgot you were mentioning that you get work that you had when you were hurt you were using math to help you get to work and you were. Oh yeah, you were manufacturing the things that go into the bottles.
iPad: Yeah yeah
Michael Hoefer: Okay.
iPad: Any, any other
iPad: I gave my job up to come
Michael Hoefer: Up here.
iPad: Okay, to be with my mom, I was working at a nail at that time. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. And how is it going for you living with your mom and how she's doing
iPad: She's doing great.
Michael Hoefer: Okay.
iPad: It's going great. I'm having a hard time finding employment appear right now but
iPad: I think I do have a job.
iPad: Oh no, next week.
iPad: So finally, but
iPad: It's been great, because I'm home with her and
iPad: It's awesome.
Michael Hoefer: Excellent.
Cool, yeah.
Michael Hoefer: All right. Well, those are the main questions. I need to ask you for the intake. Was there anything that that I left out or anything that you feel like it's also important for me to know that I missed
Michael Hoefer: No, no.
iPad: I'm my meds or I run out on ninth was my next appointment.
Yeah, so
iPad: If I'm not in my senior. Am I can see another doctor
Michael Hoefer: So what I can do. As soon as we get off the line. I'll put in a prescription for you for some more of your Suboxone and also for
iPad: The same Suboxone Sorry I keep saying the boxer, but I know but if give you some text. Okay. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: And
iPad: I use Walgreens.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, let me make sure we have the right one did let me. I'm sure we have the right one of the computer here for you. It's
iPad: The Walgreens and ready. Do you need my area code.
Michael Hoefer: Let me see if they they usually put it in the computer for me and I'll just check and see if it's the right one for you. If not,
Michael Hoefer: They're telling me Walgreens at nine at Cypress
iPad: cypress, yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, okay.
Michael Hoefer: Perfect. Cool. So I will put in a prescription for the Suboxone I mean for the subjects and I'll also put in a prescription for to get you restart on La Raza don't. Okay.
iPad: Okay, yep.
Michael Hoefer: And then you'll hear from one of our care coordinators, probably in the next couple days.
Michael Hoefer: To tell you about who's going to be your therapist and ongoing physician.
Michael Hoefer: Okay and and what's your approach. Yeah.
iPad: Is that going to be a phone call.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, they'll probably call you.
Michael Hoefer: On the folder. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: And it was nice meeting you and welcome to our program.
iPad: Thank you.
iPad: All right, take care. All right.
Thanks.